Just now, Master Xiao was so powerful
A few words to subdue and bury the suspected corpse
That's for all to see.
How dare you question Angel Xiao?
I'm tired of looking at you
Zhao Wuji
You find someone to falsely judge the Dragon King first
Let Mrs. Zhao slander you again
You are not afraid that this Dragon King will be angry
Destroy your Zhao family?
Grandpa is really fake
Do you remember that?
When he first arrived
Said it was Li Jiaoer's fiancé
The Dragon King went into seclusion and practice five years ago
How could it be the son-in-law of the Li family?
How could he be blind?
Walk the streets and cheat money everywhere
You don't believe
You can go to the place where he used to tell his fortune and ask around.
Ah, that's right.
I can testify
He has been eating and drinking in my Li family for five years
How could it be the Dragon King?
If you don't believe me
I'm going to call my mom right now
A woman like you
She also claims to be the fiancée of Xiao Tianshi
I watched Xiao Tianshi leave with my own eyes
He is the Dragon King without a doubt
If you dare to disrespect Xiao Tianshi again
I will kill you!
My name is Da Yinyin Cloud City
This Dragon King cares about the common people
While practicing underground
While fortune-telling, pay attention to the comfort of Great Xia
If I tell you my true face sooner
How can I see your face clearly?
Husband, he is really your fiancee
This kid is young
Impossible to break through nerves
It seems that he doesn't know the law at all
God help me too
Boy thing so far
Dare to impersonate the deity
Eat my palm